Add correlating logs blog (#1769)
opensearch-project/project-website: _authors/praveensameneni.markdown

github: praveensameneni
---

> Praveen Sameneni is an Engineering Manager at Amazon Web Services, heading the development of Security Analytics, Performance and Auto Tuning. Praveen brings in over 20 years of experience in distributed technologies with a focus on optimization. He is passionate about observability, performance and security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Praveen Sameneni is an Engineering Manager at AWS heading the development of Security Analytics, Performance, and Auto Tuning. Praveen brings over 20 years of experience in distributed technologies, with a focus on optimization. He is passionate about observability, performance, and security.
```
